Fix style consistency issues across docs (#5694)
mintlify/docs: status.mdx

Subscribe to receive notifications when we detect incidents, resolve incidents, and plan scheduled maintenance.

1. Navigate to [status.mintlify.com](https://status.mintlify.com).
2. Select **Subscribe to updates**.

> 3. Select your preferred notification method (email, RSS, or RSS via Slack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Subscribe to updates**.
3. Choose your preferred notification method (email, RSS, or RSS via Slack).
```
